I think for this assignment, I should NOT have asked for a map to do. I enjoy cartography a lot, but I should have known that the prompt would have been a bit much. I think that I followed the prompt as close as I could with limited knowledge and memory from Creative Coding I from last year.

I think a lot of my own art was limited by knowledge, obviously. I personally think that using AI for map making is relatively not great due to the fact that most AI models still don't have a full grasp of smaller details (in maps at least), but for this assignment it was 100% going to blow my artwork out of the water. But again, I was very limited with my knowledge and basic shapes/colors.

My style is more minimal and childish looking compared to the AI's idea of what the prompt was. I think that it definitely takes a more generic approach, or I suppose a more limited approach because it will follow the prompt almost exactly, with little to no wiggle room. For me, I love to get into details, so this was hard for me to just not really know how to create most things. The AI was able to get that texture (minimal) detail that I would typically be able to make on Procreate or whatever other app, but using P5 was NOT helping me at all in this sense.

I can get into a whole tangent about how intricate and stylized cartography can get (I am a massive nerd about this), but I'll keep it straightforward for the assignment. A fun part about map-making is references. Whether it's a game, movie, book, board game, or whatever, each map will have some sort of reference that means something to whoever is looking at it or viewing it. Doing it myself, you can specifically create art that has some sort of association for the recipient that views it, like recognizing specific areas of a game world and tying that to your own association. AI just doesn't have it down yet, and there is that fake/generic feeling in the maps that it creates. While your imagination can come into play with either man-made or AI-made maps, I think AI just doesn't have that heart and soul that gives people the connection to the artwork, at least as of right now!